v17.7.1 release proposal (#42285)
nodejs/node: doc/changelogs/CHANGELOG_V17.md

  * [io.js](CHANGELOG_IOJS.md)
  * [Archive](CHANGELOG_ARCHIVE.md)

<a id="17.7.1"></a>

## 2022-03-10, Version 17.7.1 (Current), @sxa

### Notable Changes

#### Fixed regression in url.resolve()

> This release fixes an issue introduced in Node.js v17.7.0 when the url
> has @ characters in it, which showed up when using yarn v1. This version
> reverts the change that introduced the regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes an issue introduced in Node.js v17.7.0 with some URLs
that contain `@`. This issue affected yarn v1. This version reverts the
change that introduced the regression.
```
